[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: So I want you to
try to transition the ball's color,
not using all.
Okay, so as I was walking around the room.
I noticed that somebody on
a computer very similar to my own,
was having a little bit of shaky
movement in their ball as it
was rolling across the screen and
changing color.
And I was fascinated by this,
it's like this is a simple transition,
why is it so janky?
And I looked closely and
he was using transition all.
And then when he showed me the same
animation with two different
statements for the transition,
the jank just disappeared completely,
and the ball moved
smoothly across the page.
Let me see if I can try
to recreate that for you.
So first off we are going to.
Rachel, you didn't, you didn't even.
Hang an on a moment.
I'm gonna leave this page, here we go.
I'll just work with this one, that link,
no good, this one is much better.
So what I'm gonna do here is,
I've got the background changing,
and I've got set to transition all,
I'm gonna move it.
Let we change this view.
To this one, poo poo poo poop.
So we get to see it move
across a much larger field.
Let's see if we can slow it down a lot
by making it move a long distance
in a very short amount of time, and
transition all on like 0.25 seconds.
That's a little too fast.
Let's see three and.
Yeah, you might be able to
see this on the recording.
But there are points where you can
very clearly see that there is,
that they're balls that are overlapping.
So, how might we get rid of that?
We are going to do
a transition on background.
>> Rachel Nabors: Now we've
just got that changing.
And we're also going to do transform.
Almost put semi-colons in.
Now we've got them moving at
the same rate, or we should.
Up, you're right.
Syntax always bites you.
See, I told you it would
be fun to watch me.
I wasn't able to perfectly recreate it.
There must be something about, well might
be because he was using Chrome Canary.
I have no idea why that would be
a difference, but I'm using Chrome and
sometimes which browser you're
using does make a difference.
So we can change
the different delays here.
Say we want, for instance,
the animation to run on the ball.
After it has, we want the color to
change after it has come to a rest.
Now we're able to manipulate
these independently,
and also they will have a, [COUGH].
And also we should see slightly
better performance for it.